Title: 2016 Wikimedia Developer Summit
Date: 2016-01-03 21:51
Category: MediaWiki
Tags: mediawiki, devsummit, stickers

I'll be at the 2016 <s>Architecture</s> <s>MediaWiki</s> Wikimedia Developer Summit over the next week. I mainly want to talk to/nag people about:

* Configuration
* Extension management
* Librarization
* Composer (okay, not really that much)
* Wiki farms!
* "Global" and cross-wiki tools/tooling
* Why JSON is better than YAML (really)

I've also proposed a [session about shadow namespaces](https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/T115762), which I'll probably discuss informally with people or in an unconference slot.

And in case you missed it, I got a [new laptop sticker](/2016/01/03/new-shark-sticker.html) ^.^
